Update UNITTESTS and Greentea test docs (#1364)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/debugging-testing/testing/testing_greentea.md

### Test code structure

> You can run tests throughout Mbed OS and for your project's code. They are located under a special directory called `TESTS`of each library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greentea tests can be created anywhere in the Mbed OS directory structure or in your project's code. They are located under a special directory called `TESTS`. By convention, greentea tests for a specific Mbed OS library should be placed in a `TESTS` folder under that library. The `mbed-os/TESTS` folder is dedicated to integration or system tests.
```

In addition to being placed under a `TESTS` directory, test sources must exist under two other directories: a test group directory and a test case directory. The following is an example of this structure:

```

> mbed-os/mylibrary/tests/TESTS/test_group/test_case_1

Reviewer: I would not change the example with `myproject`; it is still valid and it was clearer.

```

> In this example, `mylibrary` is like platform, drivers etc., and all the source files under the `test_case_1` directory are included in the test. The test build also includes any other source files from the OS, libraries and projects that apply to the target's configuration.

Reviewer: Similarly, keep the original text.

#### Test names

> A test case is named by its position in your project's file structure. For instance, in the above example, a test case with the path `mylibrary/tests/TESTS/test_group/test_case_1` would be named `tests-test_group-test_case_1`. The name is created by joining the directories that make up the path to the test case with a dash `-` character. This is a unique name to identify the test case. You will see this name throughout the build and testing process.

Reviewer: Keep original.

> ### Building tests

Reviewer: Adding comment here for the rest of the file:
- Section Writing integration tests using host tests: update the location of host tests to `mbed-os/TESTS/host_tests` and sy that this directory should be created if it does not exist.
- Output extracts should be updated with new directory structure
